Add Delete Event Use Case in DG (#67)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T14-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Use cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `iVolunteer` app and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**Use case 1: Delete an event**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list all events
2.  iVolunteer shows a list of events
3.  User requests to delete a specific event in the list

> 4.  iVolunteer deletes the person

Reviewer: can change `person` here to `event`

```suggestion
4.  iVolunteer deletes the event
```

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 1b. The given command is invalid.

>     * 1a1. iVolunteer requests for the correct command.

Reviewer 2: i think this should be 1b1?

Reviewer: yes haha

>     * 1a2. User enters correct command <br>
>     Steps 1a1-1a2 are repeated until the data entered is correct <br>

Reviewer: Likewise, based on @jordankanghm suggestion:
```suggestion
    * 1b2. User enters correct command <br>
    Steps 1b1-1b2 are repeated until the data entered is correct <br>
```

Author: Not sure what you mean. Isn't what I wrote correct?

Reviewer: you changed it alr so that's fine haha

    Use case resumes at step 2.

* 3a. The given command is invalid

>   * Same steps as 1b.

Reviewer 2: i think this line is abit unclear as it implies that the use case resumes at step 2 instead of step 4.

Reviewer: i think it's better to explicitly re-write the entire extension 3a here and change 3a to something like "Event number requested is invalid"
